Secretary of State Anthony blinkin is
meeting South K's foreign minister in
Soul both blinkin and park Jin said they
share the view that humanitarian paes
are needed in the war on Gaza on
Wednesday blinkin outlined the US's
preferred scenario for how the war
should end he said the United States
hopes that Gaza will be unified with the
West Bank under the rule of the
Palestinian Authority and Let's cross
now to Yunis Kim who's Ino monitoring
development s has the latest so Unice
what more did we hear from blinkin this
morning
right so uh this was a press conference
held with a US Secretary of State Tony
blinkin as well as South Korea's foreign
minister Pac Jin uh blinkin didn't have
too much to add to the discussions that
he had at the G7 in Tokyo yesterday that
was of course when the G7 members had
called for Urgent action to address the
humanitarian crisis in Gaza and called
for uh parties
to align itself with international law
when it comes to humanitarian uh
measures uh considerations even in war
so uh we heard from pakin today saying
that he and blinkin were both very
concerned with the high number of
casualties coming out of Gaza in
Israel's uh war on Hamas he also
condemned hamas's attack that surprise
attack earlier uh in October Ober of
Israel and also reiterated the need for
the humanitarian pauses to be
implemented for Urgent uh humanitarian
help to come in for those very sorely
affected uh now at the press conference
in Soul uh linkoln again did not say too
much to add to yesterday's comments from
Tokyo but he did thank South Korea for
its support of condemning Hamas as well
as its Readiness to support a
humanitarian uh aid for those in Gaza
all right Unice we'll leave it there for
now thank you Unice Kim that in Soul